Allow to not resolve mDNS names in case they are not version 4 UUID (#65)
youennf/mdns-ice-candidates: draft-ietf-rtcweb-mdns-ice-candidates.md

4. Otherwise, ignore the candidate.

> An ICE agent may add additional restrictions to resolve the ICE candidate using

Reviewer: I thought about this some more and I think this is already a problem for raw IP addresses. It is covered in the existing rtcweb security docs, e.g., https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-rtcweb-security-10#section-4.2.

My suggestion would simply be to add a note like what you have to the security considerations section, and simply mention that ICE already provides protection as noted in the reference above.

Author: Agreed for raw IP addresses, mDNS just makes the attack potentially faster.

mDNS as this mechanism allows attackers to send network traffic to devices with

> well-know mDNS names. If the source providing the ICE candidates is not trusted,

Reviewer: Won't all sources be untrusted to some extent, e.g., the remote peer?

Reviewer 2: Also related to the mentioning of DNS-SD, how about the possibility of doing something similar to STUN authentication, with out-of-band credential? Given that we are already doing it for STUN, it is not impossible to include a TXT record in the mDNS message for authentication, which does not require any spec change of mDNS itself.

Author: The source providing the candidates is not really the remote peer, it is the webrtc provider that will send the candidates from one endpoint to another.
Various trust rules can be applied. For instance, an HTTPS page with non mixed content might be considered trusted, an HTTP page might not be considered trusted.

> well-know mDNS names. If the source providing the ICE candidates is not trusted,

Reviewer: well-known

In this case, the ICE agent MUST take exactly one of the resolved IP addresses and ignore the others.
The ICE agent SHOULD, if available, use the first IPv6 address resolved, otherwise the first IPv4 address.

> An ICE agent may add additional restrictions to resolve the ICE candidate using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An ICE agent MAY add additional restrictions regarding the ICE candidates it will resolve using 
```

> mDNS as this mechanism allows attackers to send network traffic to devices with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mDNS, as this mechanism allows attackers to send ICE traffic to devices with
```
